the beginning 


I choose to
live a life of freedom 
moderation and indearment 
 acceptance with no pretense
understanding of unsertainty
I also choose to live in honesty. 
Focus on the study of genuine respect for the living. 
Become a humble throne that seeks the many memories
who's lively hoods were bones of all the unfinished stories.
Souls existing in a world feeling only but rejection 
from decption in perfection that never knew a maddness 
Bringing only pleas of saddness holding on to what they had left
The world is quite the play ground 
telling lies of  perfect laughter 
finding independednce on a park bench
questioning birds that fly to carpet
struggling to tie every knot to ever be attempted
not knowing how to live with
the thoughts that live like leaches
I do have so thoughts I want to shed some light on
So let bigons be bigons
the human race continues to thrive and live within you
an adaption to the dreams of a kinder stranger's fate. 
a kiss For every bruise that humanity has suffered
you have your own ocean within you swimming in the haze
The minds that have been angered by caves that stole their anchors
it's a fearful life to live residing alone in every shadow
for fear of what may follow
so allow the stars give you flight
tomorrow will come
for what is seemingly inevitable 
do not be afraid
I beg of you please choose to create. 
for these thoughts of mine I only require time
here we have A member 
that holds a beautiful december 
is hungry for a collar that did not come from mother
but from a normal color that was but to consume the pain you feel from craving the innocence to be slaugtered
but that which comes from pain sees what must remain
That gracious crystal purity knowing exactly the life that was led
if you take comfort in simple words of prayer
do not actively supress all that is this blood shed
so in the name of a higher power, confess. 
and find your solace in your mind alone away from time
To destroy one another for our sisters and our brothers 
brings a lifeless controller to that of no other
A message to all of our worlds metal forces that ride on robot painted horses fight to see your reflection in a child like perfection. 
The fears I hear pleading for a vacant hole still breathing, 
may you hide beneath the warmth of the silence of the oceans freedom
If you learn to accept that which can not perfect 
and have the power to discover the open mind existing
 soulfullness from within the curious feilds 
vibrance of color

Choose to see similarity with these hearts that feel no clarity from abandonedment by a lover. Those who have aspired to love so dearly with their fire might find themselves awakened with a cold depth in reality. What I've seen begin is a soul that craves pretend with a longing to defend a life that will not end. So deprive yourself of hate to a falsity at stake that has only tried to love their perfect ugly mistake. A love to a mirror is to love with the strongest fear of, a beauty that couldn't be fairer. Be in love with every aspect of your face that is so abstract, and carress all of the traces your soul scattered for freedom. Attempting to explore a plague that prefers your sores instead of the perfect beauty marks you've had since you were born. Oh, please do not keep crying on this bed made up of lying when I see such a gem painfully conforming to a world that is not pure. Here is something I've learned, change loves to walk hand in hand with growth and that in no way requires you burnt to death inspired. Contorting your minds beautiful power to live as a lifeless flower that gets nothing more than transparent showers is true loss of one's identity. I've whitnessed monstrosity from humans that decide to show their teeth at their own kind as if they intend to eat. For what you are not accustomed to does not equate to a hostile youth, but a brighter future that learned to accept. So teach to respect that of another head. Then, learn to be taught that of another thought. 
So here is how I want to say 
The ending to my perfect day
Lets understand the differences
In all of our appearances 
Cradle all that of which you have seen
or
Whatever you choose to clean
Remeber that rejection will only bring deception
So give only acceptance
and
bring only your intent








I say do not condem a life that only lives
Worship anything that 
That does not mean be unruly
  
thinks different, worships different, marches different, lives different.. those who have been able to sing a song that only aspired to bring beauty to this world in all forms, a dancer who was never given direction or discipline who found her reason to dance freely for the first time. may we all find peace, love, and happiness in a world that so very much longs for people to finally be able to hear her song that she has always sang in silence and as an echo. the world loves it's little creatures. frogs, horses, and jellyfish especially are my favorites. i once held a frog in my hands too tightly.. no matter how much i only desired to love it.. it died in my hands.. maybe we should all practice a love that will never smother or suffocate the ones who are only trying to find a pure love themselves. once you accept yourself for every flaw, altercation, and scar you are.. surely you will finally see the beauty in the world that still very much exists. abuse, torture, ignorance, denial are in so many ways more evil than the 7 deadly sins have been said to be. for those that only long to be free may your hearts reach every innocent dream you have ever tried to create with your memories. your story is so important and the love you have to offer is so essential to the rising of a new world. lets work together to give each other the acceptance we wish to see from the world. i see so many souls. beautiful souls. who am i to judge those who are only trying to become whole? i am but a human with flaws, scars, and a heart that is so very starved from the love of the stars. i do not require much, for i have lived on very little. i have quite a few wishes though. i would love to be seen by the world. i would love for the world to see me as but a girl. a girl with power in her silly curls and acceptance of this very strange and mad world. i see rejection of colors, sizes, countries, nature. a rejection of boys that only long to feel as beautiful as the princess. a rejection of the girls who have words to say as loud as the prince. there is an acceptance of the boys that choose to ignore the beautiful minds that i know they could adore. an acceptance of the boys that feel only pain and hatred towards the world that they lash out in anger and violence. an acceptance of men who turn those boys into military robots that destroy lives that they have been forced to see bodies as not human beings but a name that humiliates entire races. an acceptance of the girls that destroy their faces, starve and cut their bodies, and aspire to shrink themselves into little baby girls that are fragile, hairless, and defenseless that will eventually get trapped in invisibility to the most purest and selfless love of all the love from the rarest eyes that can lead to the windows of your soul. may you all see the world with the eyes that i have been blessed with. for i see so much strength in the lost girls that live in a very colorful world, and i am finally seeing the rare and beautiful colors buried deep within the lost boys of the girls with enough strength to carry on in a world that has so avidly envied them. i do not see a little green monster in me. i see the color green in the park across from me. it may be greener on the other side, but i have always loved the dead things that have brought me such an emense amount of creative sight. so let us exist and take care of the human race that has been broken hearted for years that far surpass the speed of light. so if i may ask of you.. will try to see my beauty in this very mad world? and maybe find love for this broken and damaged girl? because what i long for most is to be loved for all the things that i am and be accepted for all the things that I'm not. i've learned to love you for you.. so maybe it's my turn to receive love from me or maybe 3, xo, hugs and kisses, rags to riches, kings and queens, and leaves that enjoy the fall from the very special October Tree.						10/?24/?2015 
 
